# Phone_chess

Coding Challenge
Write a program that takes as input: 
•	The name of a chess piece (King, Queen, Bishop, Knight, Rook, Pawn)
•	A starting digit, 0 to 9.
As output the program should count the number of distinct legal phone numbers (beginning with the starting digit) that can be generated by moving the piece around a standard phone pad.  e.g. what is the total number of different phone numbers that are produced for the case of a Queen starting on digit ‘5’?
A legal phone number has the following requirements: 
•	Must be 10 digits long
•	Can contain only digits (no * or #) 
The phone pad layout is
1  2  3 
4  5  6 
7  8  9 
*  0  # 
A legal move is defined as any move that would normally be legal for the piece in chess, 
with the following additions: 
•	Staying in place is a legal move for all pieces 
•	When a Pawn reaches the top row, it becomes a Queen. 
•	For the case where the piece is a Pawn, starting on one of the bottom two rows (i.e. any of the digits 7, 8, 9 and 0), the Pawn may move either one or two spaces forward the first time it moves.
Implementation notes
•	Provide your solution in Java as an Eclipse project and provide the instructions to run and use your solution.
•	You may be accustomed to a TDD approach. Write unit tests for your code.
•	The solution will be evaluated for correctness, good OO design and clean, elegant and testable code


Explaination :

The classes are as follows:

PadNumber: Class defining a button on the phone pad. Could be renamed to 'Square' to represent a board square.

ChessPiece: Abstract class that defines fields for all chess pieces.

Movement: Interface that defines movement methods and allows for factory generation of pieces.

PieceFactory: Factory class to generate Chess pieces.

King, Queen, Bishop, Knight, Rook, Pawn: Concrete class that inherits from ChessPiece and implements Movement

PhoneChess: Entrance class.

#Running Instruction:
1)In Drive Clsss(i.e PhoneChess) you can change in input type and will get relevent output
2)Implementation of program is such: you can change th number of digit (i.e number of digit in mobile number), by default it will be 10 but you can change as per your requirements.


